Hey hello guys today I'm gonna be
showing you how to hack minecraft by
using cheats like flying cheats item
cheats by likes spawning random items so
first things first you gotta go to start
type in run and enter then when this
comes up you type in a little percentage
thingy AppData and then another
percentage thingy then you click okay
and then the first file comes up this
top minecraft I'm gonna open that we're
gonna you're gonna back out you're gonna
right-click it create shortcut and put
it onto the desktop so you can easily
access it later so I'm gonna exit out
and then next you're gonna want to come
over here go to go to the link in my
description and download this file and
you're gonna want to create another
folder on your desktop and you're gonna
open this extract to desktop and then
type in I don't name it so I'm just
gonna type in new folder and then click
OK exits out go to new folder and
everything that you need is in there so
then you're gonna want to open minecraft
shortcut go to the bin oh you're gonna
want it download the 7-zip 7-zip is like
a file to open it so we're gonna right
click on this you're gonna click on
7-zip open an archive gonna minimize
that back there and open the new folder
we have it yep open this up
you're gonna want to delete this one
delete the meta-inf delete that Oh first
I gotta get Nexus out you can't you
can't do it at the same time I don't
know why go back all right I'm gonna
open it again you're gonna wanna yet
delete it and then you're gonna find BZ
class this thing right here
BZ class on this folder easy class we're
gonna tweet it yes sweet you're gonna
add this one from this one and add it on
to this one
click okay oh yes then you're gonna go
to are you just gonna grab player helper
and just drag it on to there and then
you scroll up do not put the hole in
that file in here it won't work you
gotta go to net on the minecraft.jar and
open that open it up again go to client
and this is the one you know wait you're
gonna go to the same thing on this one
and don't delete this one you're gonna
want to delete the top one click okay
and drag this one onto here then click
ok and I think that's pretty much it for
that part then you're gonna X everything
out exit out I'm gonna start up
minecraft
oh yeah it's gonna take a while probably
we're it's not gonna work at all but I'm
gonna play offline most likely just wait
patience patience yep
clay offline I've created a world
because I just I read download with this
so I mean easy showed you show you guys
cuz I have a bunch of other on here
so but empty for me you can do anywhere
you want so wait for it to build a train
and save chunks
and then when the game starts it's kind
of laggy all right then you're gonna
want to press T and then this should
come up on the bottom little text box
you type in Y and you can now be able to
fly crazy and if you type in fly
again then it turns off
I just got hurt because I gotta put some
other sheets on i could take fall damage
off c ly and go really hard and take it
off hey Wow
maybe I should put infinite health on
flap there we go I don't know why the
fall damage it worth but it's a squid
died squid so yeah you can spawn it
bredda Madam's item student so you got a
book say I want stone put item 1 and
that goes up and if you want the key the
key for all the items listed is that
this website right here and it will be
in the description so say I want an
apple that's item 260 item 260 and then
Apple spawns and then I can move the
Apple
that's basically it if you have any
questions or anything just put it in the
comments you know probably reply to them
and I if you need any help I'll have
some stuff in the description as well so
that's it pretty much
bye